[Feat] Add PHPCsFixer wrapper (#219)
nunomaduro/phpinsights: docs/insights/README.md

You could also simplify the namespace with `use My\Insight\Namespace;`
:::

::: tip

> Although `PHPInsights` has it's own insights, it can handle Sniff from [PHP CodeSniffer](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) and Fixer from [PHP CS Fixer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although `PHPInsights` has it's own insights, it can handle Sniffs from [PHP CodeSniffer](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) and Fixers from [PHP CS Fixer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer/).
```
